BOLT 2: remove local/remote from reestablish field names. (#634)
lightningnetwork/lightning-rfc: 02-peer-protocol.md

completed — which can only occur after the `revoke_and_ack` has been received
by the remote node.

Note that the `next_commitment_number` starts at 1, since
commitment number 0 is created during opening.
`next_revocation_number` will be 0 until the

> `commitment_signed` for commitment number 1 is send and then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`commitment_signed` for commitment number 1 is sent and
```
